Wake up and say
what happened
Lin Yang, don’t be so cruel
Xiaoqiang, you are so kind
You forgot what kind of person he was before
Xiaoqiang, I know
I was wrong before
Caused you a lot of trouble
But if I hadn't reached a dead end
I don’t have the shame to look for you either.
After I took out the money from the prison villa
Transferred by a group of loan sharks
Tortured me for several days
But I really have no money
As a result, he chased me to my house
If you don't pay back the money again
He's going to kill my mother
Linger, I don’t want you, I won’t eat, I’m sorry for you
But my mother is my mother
Can I beg you to save her life?
What does your mother's death have to do with me?
Just go, I won't let you go
If we don't show up, they will kill us.
I kowtow to you
I can kowtow
yin and yang
The Mavericks are already at the end of their rope
Just help him
Xiaoqian
Have you forgotten how he treated us before?
If we have children in the future
I want to gain some virtue for him
Okay, I'll help you this time
but i warn you
After this incident, it will disappear forever in front of me
Ahu, please protect your sister-in-law.
I'll come back as soon as I go
Wake up and say
What the hell is going on?
Lin Yang, do not be so fierce
Xiaoqiang, you are just too kind.
You forgot what kind of person he was before
Xiaoqiang, I know
I was wrong before
Caused you a lot of trouble
But if I am not dead
I am ashamed to find you
After I took it out of the commit villa
Was transferred by a gang of loan sharks
Tortured me for days
But I really have no money
He chased me to my house
If you do not pay back
He is going to kill my mom
Linger, I do not want you, I do not eat, I am sorry for you
But my mom is my mom
I beg you to save her life, okay?
Your mother, what does it have to do with me if I do not live?
Go away, I will not let you go.
They'll kill us if we do not come forward
I kowtow to you
I can kowtow
Yin and Yang
The calf is cornered
You help him
Xiaoqian
Did you forget how he treated us before?
If we ever have children
I want to give him some virtue
Ok I will help you this time
But I warn you
After this incident, it disappeared in front of me forever
Ah Hu, protect your sister-in-law
I will be right back